If you are all caught up,
we have an exercise for you.
Try other object types and loaders to
add different models to your scene.
If you are looking for the models,
you can open up under your Node.js,
you can open up
the three.js/examples/models.
And you can see the models
that are available to you.
And there are multiple types of objects,
some of them are OBJ,
some of them are glTF.
Depending on the type of
the model you have to download,
I mean, you have to use
a different kind of loader.
And with every loader,
the setup might slightly change.
Your parameters might change for
the meshes,
and you can just search for
it on Three.js, loader,
or maybe the documentation
might be a better place.
Okay, loading a 3-D model,
and you can see all
of the different kinds of
object loaders is here,
glTF, and
some troubleshooting tips are here too.
Here, there are some
examples with different
model loaders as well that you can,
if you have FBX, glTF.
You can click on the right bottom corner
of the examples, most of the time,
and that will take you directly
to the example code on GitHub.